Release notes 1.5.0 (#4864)
STEllAR-GROUP/hpx: docs/sphinx/contributing/release_procedure.rst

   The main CMakeLists.txt contains a comment indicating for which version
   the breaking change was introduced first.
   In the case of deprecated features which don't have a replacement yet, we
   keep them around in case (like Vc for example).

#. Update the minimum required versions if necessary (compilers, dependencies,
   etc.) in ``building_hpx.rst``.

#. Verify that the jenkins setup for the release branch on rostam is running
   and does not display any errors.

#. Repeat the following steps until satisfied with the release.

   #. Change ``HPX_VERSION_TAG`` in ``CMakeLists.txt`` to ``-rcN``, where ``N``
      is the current iteration of this step. Start with ``-rc1``.

   #. Create a pre-release on GitHub using the script ``tools/roll_release.sh``.

>       This script automatically tag with the corresponding release number.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      This script automatically tags the commit with the corresponding release number.
```
? Same below.
